cm-emmc-flashing: Update to refer to the mass-storage-gadget (#3861)
raspberrypi/documentation: documentation/asciidoc/computers/compute-module/cm-emmc-flashing.adoc

. Connect the IO Board to power. Windows should discover the hardware and configure the required drivers.

> . On CM4 or CM5 run the 'Raspberry Pi - Mass Storage Gadget - 64-bit' from the start menu. After a few seconds, the Compute Module eMMC or NVMe will appear as USB mass storage devices. This also provides a debug console as a serial port gadget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On CM4 and later devices, select 'Raspberry Pi - Mass Storage Gadget - 64-bit' from the start menu. After a few seconds, the Compute Module eMMC or NVMe will appear as USB mass storage devices. This also provides a debug console as a serial port gadget.
```

> . On CM3 or older select 'rpiboot' Double-click on `RPiBoot.exe` to run it. After a few seconds, the Compute Module eMMC should appear as a USB mass storage device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On CM3 or older devices, select 'rpiboot'. Double-click on `RPiBoot.exe` to run it. After a few seconds, the Compute Module eMMC should appear as a USB mass storage device.
```

> . On CM4 and later devices, select 'Raspberry Pi - Mass Storage Gadget - 64-bit' from the start menu. After a few seconds, the Compute Module eMMC or NVMe will appear as USB mass storage devices. This also provides a debug console as a serial port gadget.
> 
> . On CM3 or older devices, select 'rpiboot'. Double-click on `RPiBoot.exe` to run it. After a few seconds, the Compute Module eMMC should appear as a USB mass storage device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On CM4 and later devices, select **Raspberry Pi - Mass Storage Gadget - 64-bit** from the start menu. After a few seconds, the Compute Module eMMC or NVMe will appear as USB mass storage devices. This also provides a debug console as a serial port gadget.

. On CM3 and older devices, select **rpiboot**. Double-click on `RPiBoot.exe` to run it. After a few seconds, the Compute Module eMMC should appear as a USB mass storage device.
```
